[DCOS-57603] Release notes and docs for Kafka 2.7.0-2.3.0 (#2502)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/mesosphere/dcos/services/kafka/2.7.0-2.3.0/advanced/index.md

  ```

## Service Health Check

DC/OS {{ model.techName }} supports service oriented health checks allowing you to monitor your service health in details.

### Configuration Options

| Option | Description |
|----------------------|-------------|
| **health_check.enabled** | Enables the health checks |
| **health_check.method** | "PORT" or "FUNCTIONAL" |
| **health_check.interval** | The period in seconds to wait after the last health check has completed to start the next check. |
| **health_check.delay** | An amount of time in seconds to wait before starting the health check attempts. |
| **health_check.timeout** | An amount of time in seconds to wait for a health check to succeed. |
| **health_check.grace-period** | An amount of time in seconds after the task is launched during which health check failures are ignored. Once a health check succeeds for the first time, the grace period does not apply anymore. Note that it includes delay seconds, i.e., setting grace_period seconds < delay seconds has no effect. |
| **health_check.max-consecutive-failures** | It is the maximum consecutive number of failures after which task will be killed. |

> | **health_check.health-check-topic-prefix** | Enables the user provided trust store. |

Reviewer: I think this is the wrong description?

| **service.security.kerberos.health_check_primary** | The [Kerberos](/mesosphere/dcos/services/kafka/2.7.0-2.3.0/security/#authentication) primary used by Kafka health check if enabled. |

### Health Check Methods

#### Port Check

This method will check if the broker port is open. Only the broker on which the health check is running will be checked as each broker will have its own health check.

```json
{
  "service": {
    "name": "kafka",
    "health_check": {
      "enabled": true,
      "method": "PORT",
    }
  }
}
```

####  Functional Check

It checks if the broker can send and receive messages from a client. Only the broker on which the health check is running will be checked as each broker will have its own health check.

> The health checks produces a random message to a user configurable topic and then tries to consume the last produced message. When [Kerberos](/mesosphere/dcos/services/kafka/2.7.0-2.3.0/security/#authentication) and or [Transport Encryption](mesosphere/dcos/services/kafka/2.7.0-2.3.0/security/#transport-encryption) is enabled the health check only produces a random message and consumes the first message of the topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The health checks produces a random message to a user configurable topic and then tries to consume the last produced message. 

When [Kerberos](/mesosphere/dcos/services/kafka/2.7.0-2.3.0/security/#authentication) and or [Transport Encryption](mesosphere/dcos/services/kafka/2.7.0-2.3.0/security/#transport-encryption) is enabled the health check produces only a single random message to a topic and will attempt to consume that same first message of the topic at each health-check interval. 
```
I think this is what you meant?
